[en]update kangaroo releasenotes and revise other docs (#5003)
DaoCloud/DaoCloud-docs: docs/en/docs/kangaroo/intro/release-notes.md

*[Kpanda]: Internal dev codename for container management
*[Harbor]: An open-source container registry tool and a CNCF graduated project

## 2023-06-30

### v0.19.0

#### Fixes

> - **Fixed** an issue where a workspace could not be deleted due to the indication that it needed to unbind from an image space. There is no actual binding relationship with the image space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** an issue that prevented the deletion of a workspace, incorrectly prompting users to unbind a registry space that had no actual binding relationship with the workspace.
```
